---
layout:	post
category:	"job"
title:	"网易招聘：110-VFX Lead-艺术设计中心300-美术-游戏美术类-国外本科5-10年"
tags:	[网易,招聘,面试,找工作,工作,内推,美术,游戏美术类,国外,本科,5-10年]
date:	2022-08-12
---

[点击应聘 投递简历就有面试机会 ->  110-VFX Lead-艺术设计中心300](http://mobile.bole.netease.com/bole/boleDetail?id=41412&employeeId=346f03c3cda5f04c&key=all)



- **学历要求： **本科
- **工作年限： **5-10年
- **所属部门： **艺术设计中心-CC美术部-APEX
- **工作城市： **国外
- **发布日期： **2022-08-12



**职位描述**

• Create photo-real particle systems for game environments and scripted moments.

• Research and Develop our VFX tools with our technical artists 

• Work closely with Art leads, Lighting, Sound, Animation, and Production to bring levels and features to life.

• Design and simulate realistic fire, smoke, explosions, debris, clouds, etc. that meet all technical and aesthetic standards for the project.

• Author real-time particle effects for the destruction of buildings, vehicles, natural environments, and everything in between using our proprietary toolset.

• Set dress levels with ambient atmospheric effects that produce spectacular photo-realistic game moments.

• Create textures and/or meshes to use in particle effects with various 2D and 3D applications.

• Create destructible assets and coinciding particle systems.

• Ensure industry-leading quality and artistic fidelity.



**职位要求**

• 8+ years of experience in mobile and/or AAA game development.

• Experience with simulation and VFX software like FumeFX, Houdini, Maya, Max, etc.

• Basic compositing knowledge (After Effects, Nuke, Fusion, Photoshop, etc.).

• Demo reel or website showing previous VFX work. (Cartoon to Realistic)

• Ability to work collaboratively between different departments as well as independently, and be able to drive initiatives through to completion.

• Demonstrate a strong eye for timing, weight, realism, color, volume, energy, and other particle aesthetics.

• Ability to create all required art assets needed for particle effects and level atmospherics.

• Can follow the style of a particular artist or concept.

• Able to stay within budgets and understand platform limitations.

• Strong troubleshooting and interpersonal skills.



We’d love it if you also have…

• Strong modeling and animation experience a plus.

• English is a must, understand second language is a plus 2

• Understanding of scripting and programming concepts.

• Familiar Chinese Culture



[点击应聘 投递简历就有面试机会 ->  110-VFX Lead-艺术设计中心300](http://mobile.bole.netease.com/bole/boleDetail?id=41412&employeeId=346f03c3cda5f04c&key=all)