---
layout:	post
category:	"job"
title:	"网易招聘：Art Director-艺术设计中心100-美术-游戏美术类-新加坡学历不限10年以上"
tags:	[网易,招聘,面试,找工作,工作,内推,美术,游戏美术类,新加坡,学历不限,10年以上]
date:	2022-08-08
---

[点击应聘 投简历就有面试机会 -> Art Director-艺术设计中心100](http://mobile.bole.netease.com/bole/boleDetail?id=41953&employeeId=346f03c3cda5f04c&key=all)



- **学历要求： **学历不限
- **工作年限： **10年以上
- **所属部门： **艺术设计中心-办公室-社招一组
- **工作城市： **新加坡
- **发布日期： **2022-08-08



**职位描述**
•You would work closely with Art Design Center Vice President and to own the design and production management for 3A console game project(s) for global market. The Art Director will set up a team and take a significant managerial role responsible for setting up the vision and direction of the team. He/She will consistently lead and improve art design professionalism to ensure Netease products are strongly competitive in global market.
•Manage a team of full-cycle game art designers for 3A console project(s).
•Foster positivity and team spirit to build a strong, cohesive team.
•Identify and nurture new and existing high potential artists, participating in recruitment and planning for expansion and personnel career growth.
•Lead and inspire creative processes within a team from concept to the final product, leveraging resources both internally and externally.
•Regular art reviews to ensure quality, consistency and ensure the product meets the vision.
•Expected to either create or follow existing art direction of games titles.
•Help establish the art production pipeline, working closely with production, design, and engineering.
•Instill best practices in the team and cross-studio through mentoring and sharing best practices.
•Review artwork from the team and make sure deliverables meet expectations of the highest quality of artistic and technical standards.




**职位要求**
•10+ years of experience in 3A console game industry with track record background of managing a sizeable art team for successful console projects.
•Strong command of full-cycle workflow from concept to production, including but not limited in User Interface, VFX, Modelling, Character Development, and Animation.
•Strong aptitude in multiple traditional artistic disciplines to complement directorial credibility.
•Highly organized individual with experience in managing creative teams and effective collaborators with other disciplines.
•Passionate about game development and able to exercise game sensibility when making artistic decisions.
•Inspiring communicator, able to steer the team to achieve awesome results.
•In sync with current demands and with foresight into future trends and emerging technologies.
•Awareness and record of creating games on time and within a budget.
•Both self-organized and able to organize others, will have a good understanding of time management.
•Mandarin Chinese is an advantage to communicate directly with teams in China.




[点击应聘 投简历就有面试机会 -> Art Director-艺术设计中心100](http://mobile.bole.netease.com/bole/boleDetail?id=41953&employeeId=346f03c3cda5f04c&key=all)