---
layout:	post
category:	"job"
title:	"网易招聘：QA Lead （WB）-质量保障中心800-技术-测试类-国外本科3-5年"
tags:	[网易,招聘,面试,找工作,工作,内推,技术,测试类,国外,本科,3-5年]
date:	2022-08-08
---

[点击应聘 投简历就有面试机会 -> QA Lead （WB）-质量保障中心800](http://mobile.bole.netease.com/bole/boleDetail?id=42165&employeeId=346f03c3cda5f04c&key=all)



- **学历要求： **本科
- **工作年限： **3-5年
- **所属部门： **质量保障中心-广州QA一部-Canada QA Team One
- **工作城市： **国外
- **发布日期： **2022-08-08



**职位描述**
Overview

NetEase Games is one of the largest game developers worldwide by size and revenue. We have launched 8 billion dollar franchises since 2001, and established partnerships with some of the world’s most creative studios including: Activision Blizzard, Mojang, and Quantic Dream. We have also opened our first U.S. studio, Jackalope Games.

NetEase Games is actively hiring QA Leads for our Montreal office to grow our QA team. We are recruiting experienced QA professionals that are ready to take the next step in their career, who are looking for the challenges and benefits of working at one of the leading video game publishers in the world.


Duties

Function as the primary PoC for project level communication.
Work with each partner to understand their goals and ensure they’re satisfied with our services.
Stay up to date with the title’s scope, features, and roadmap.
Send start of day mail, end of day report, and project retrospective report.
Create and maintain the test suite based on conversations and design documents.
Ensure the team follows bug writing, regression and halo testing standards.
Coach and mentor team members to facilitate their career development.
Perform employee evaluations and participate in recommending adjustments.
Ensure your team’s performance meets company and partner expectations.
Administer improvement plans as required.
Manage timecards, time-off requests, and attendance violations.



**职位要求**
1+ year of experience as a QA Lead.
5+ years of experience in the video games industry.
Working knowledge of bug databases and test case management software.
Expertise with PC, Mobile, and Console hardware, tools, and troubleshooting.



[点击应聘 投简历就有面试机会 -> QA Lead （WB）-质量保障中心800](http://mobile.bole.netease.com/bole/boleDetail?id=42165&employeeId=346f03c3cda5f04c&key=all)