---
layout:	post
category:	"job"
title:	"网易招聘：LQA-韩语-质量保障中心107-技术-测试类-上海本科3-5年"
tags:	[网易,招聘,面试,找工作,工作,内推,技术,测试类,上海,本科,3-5年]
date:	2022-08-04
---

[点击应聘 投递简历就有面试机会 ->  LQA-韩语-质量保障中心107](http://mobile.bole.netease.com/bole/boleDetail?id=42096&employeeId=346f03c3cda5f04c&key=all)



- **学历要求： **本科
- **工作年限： **3-5年
- **所属部门： **质量保障中心-中台服务部-本地化校验组
- **工作城市： **上海
- **发布日期： **2022-08-04



**职位描述**

职位描述

We are looking for a highly experienced Localization Quality Assurance who will be responsible for localization verification, touch-ups and other aspects of NetEase's overseas released games. You can:

1、Be the first to contact and experience the first-line products of NetEase Games and work with the multicultural expat team to develop and execute localization verification tasks at different stages, to ensure excellence in localization quality.

2、According to the product requirements, conduct in-depth checks on the localization functions, language translation, interface layout and local culture of oversea released games, and assist in product repair.

3、Conduct comprehensive assessment of text and cultural quality risks of oversea released games, promote continuous improvement of product localization quality, and become an expert in quality assurance.





**职位要求**

职位要求

1、Bachelor degree or above, major is not limited.

2、Native Korean, and proficient in Chinese as working language.

3、Love game industry, rich experience in overseas games, proficient in text style of multi-genre games, experienced in software (game) localization, translation.

4、Excellent communication ability, team cooperation ability and learning ability, worl meticulously and conscientiously, can bear certain work pressure, positive and optimistic, self-driven and courageous.

5、Proficient in one or more of Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, Indonesian, French and Italian, with high quality translation, fluent speaking and natural expression.



[点击应聘 投递简历就有面试机会 ->  LQA-韩语-质量保障中心107](http://mobile.bole.netease.com/bole/boleDetail?id=42096&employeeId=346f03c3cda5f04c&key=all)